Update docs for GA Go & Java Lambda tracing (#10523)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/distributed_tracing/_index.md

- Tracing HTTP requests invoking downstream Lambda functions or containers.
- Tracing dozens of additional out-of-the-box [Go][11] libraries.

> For Go serverless applications, Datadog recommends you [install Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, we recommend you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described [here][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Go serverless applications, Datadog recommends installing [Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, it is recommended that you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described [here][8].
```

- Tracing HTTP requests invoking downstream Lambda functions or containers.
- Tracing dozens of additional out-of-the-box [Java][13] libraries.

> For Java serverless applications, Datadog recommends you [install Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, we recommend you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described [here][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Java serverless applications, Datadog recommends [installing Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, it is recommended that you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described [here][8].
```
